So I'm gonna go ahead and
pull down that repo, I have it here.
I'm gonna check out to the start branch,
if you're on the master branch,
you'll actually see the complete repo,
completely done.
We don't wanna start there,
we actually just wanna start at like
a very blank bare minimum repo.
I mean, you could even just
make a brand new one here,
you don't even have to pull this down.
If you don't wanna follow along or
wanna follow along no this you just wanna
have your own separate repo, that's fine.
cuz I'm basically starting
from scratch here.
If you open this up, you can see what
I have here is literally nothing.
So [LAUGH] there's no source code and
there's just some dot files and
a package.json.
So this is where we're gonna be starting,
we're really gonna do this from scratch.
So, let's talk about what you or
how you can get started with Next.js,
and there's really two ways and
they're both stupid easy.
So let's talk about the easy way and
then we'll talk about the other easy way.
The first easy way is to use
the create-next-app, ere,
like here, forgot it,
used to create-next-app CLI, so
if you're familiar with npx,
you can use npx create-next-app.
If you don't know what npx basically
you can think of it as like
a inline installer for a CLI.
So instead of installing the CLI first,
and then calling the CLI you can just put
npx in front of it and it'll one
time install the CLI right now, and
then execute the command without it
actually being on your computer.
So if you're npm you can do that, if you
like yarn, you can yarn and do that.
So that's very easy way it'll
scaffold out a lot of stuff for you.
Really good, what we're gonna do
is we're gonna do this other way,
which is also still pretty easy,
we're just gonna do it manually.
So, to set one up from scratch, all we
need to do is install three dependencies,
so if we're using npm, you can do
npm-instal-react-react-dom, and next,
which is the big one.
If you're using yarn you can use yarn,
add these things, so I'm using yarn,
someone's gonna copy that, and
I'm just gonna yarn add those things here.
And like I said, it's really just three
dependencies, react, react-dom, and next,
there really is nothing else.
There's no router, at next router, or
there's none of that, it's all here,
it's all ready to go.
So next, we need to add some helpful
scripts through our package.json,
so you just copy these scripts here.
And we'll just go ahead and
put those into our package.json.
And don't forget to put your commas there,
otherwise your thing will break.
And let's talk about
the scripts a little bit.
So the first one here is the dev script,
which just runs next, and
basically what this does is it's just
going to run your Next.js application
in a development mode, using something
very similar to hot module reloading.
If you've heard of that before,
well I think Next.js calls it like
fast reloading or something like that,
so we get that for free.
If you run the build command,
it's gonna build your application and
get it ready for production.
And then you run the start command
is actually gonna start that build.
And so basically only use these two when
you're ready to go to production and
you'll almost always just use
this one when you're developing.
So, but my computer just booted up
cuz VSCode like just eats up my CPU,
so I'm just gonna just
kill that right quick.
Let me see, I actually its zoom,
I thought it was VSCode this time.
Usually it's VSCode that has like 110%
of my CPU but okay, it's all good.
Okay, let's go back to the actual thing
here, where we talk about those commands.
And like I said, remember,
Next.js is a full stack framework.
So by default, it needs to be hosted
on a platform that supports Node,
and the reason I'm saying that is because
you'll see this next build his next start.
If you've ever only been shipping static
websites, you wouldn't have a start
command, like why would you just start
a static website doesn't make any sense?
Well, that's because this
is a node framework, and
by default, cuz you can opt out of this,
you don't have to.
But by default, it does the need to
be deployed somewhere with Next.js,
or I'm sorry, with Node.js.
And we'll talk about deployment later on,
but just remember that.